README.md, before:

# project2-oo89 Oscar Ojeda  

CS490 

O2TicTacToe

Heroku link: https://o2tictactoe.herokuapp.com/

## Requirements
1. `npm install`
2. `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. `pip install flask`
4. `npm install -g heroku`
5. `pip install flask-socketio`
6. Run `pip install flask-cors`
7. cd into project directory. Run `npm install socket.io-client --save`


## Setup
1. Run `echo "DANGEROUSLY_DISABLE_HOST_CHECK=true" > .env.development.local` in the project directory
2. Make sure to clone the milestone1 branch for project2 first part. 
3. Push milestone1 branch to heroku
4. Have heroku automatically updated from milestone1 brach from GitHub 

## Run Application
1. Run command in terminal (in your project directory): `python app.py`
2. Run command in another terminal, `cd` into the project directory, and run `npm run start`
3. Preview web page in browser '/'

## Deploy to Heroku
*Project 2*
1. Create a Heroku app: `heroku create --buildpack heroku/python`
2. Add nodejs buildpack: `heroku buildpacks:add --index 1 heroku/nodejs`
3. Push to Heroku: `git push heroku milestone1`


## Technical issues
1. The first technical issue that I had was with Cloud9 virtual disk runing out of space.
I fixed this by going to AWS console from vocareum, instead of clicking Cloud9 click All
services -> EC2. Then under resources click Volumes, right click the column size on the row
that says 10GiB, then click modify volume. I put there 20GiB, then click modify and confirm. 
2. The app on Heroku at the first time didn't work, it was because the requirements.
To solve this I added everything heroku need in the requirements document in order to run. 
3. 

## Problems
1. The first problem that clearly I had for this project was the time. 
After I had the react-started code I implement the components to have the Board
and Squares but as I din't have any experience with react, JavaScript, and Socketio 
was really hard for me to get the clients updated. If I had had more time I would 
have studied the subject more and that could have helped me with this project. 
Also I think the demos and examples for this project they were very simple nothing
to do with the actual project.
2.

Commit message:

Adding more information to the Readme and also adding more comments in the code

README.md, after:

# project2-oo89 Oscar Ojeda  

CS490 

O2TicTacToe

Heroku link: https://o2tictactoe.herokuapp.com/

## Requirements
1. `npm install`
2. `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. `pip install flask`
4. `npm install -g heroku`
5. `pip install flask-socketio`
6. Run `pip install flask-cors`
7. cd into project directory. Run `npm install socket.io-client --save`


## Setup
1. Run `echo "DANGEROUSLY_DISABLE_HOST_CHECK=true" > .env.development.local` in the project directory
2. Make sure to clone the milestone1 branch for project2 first part. 
3. Push milestone1 branch to heroku
4. Have heroku automatically updated from milestone1 brach from GitHub 

## Run Application
1. Run command in terminal (in your project directory): `python app.py`
2. Run command in another terminal, `cd` into the project directory, and run `npm run start`
3. Preview web page in browser '/'

## Deploy to Heroku
*Project 2*
1. Create a Heroku app: `heroku create --buildpack heroku/python`
2. Add nodejs buildpack: `heroku buildpacks:add --index 1 heroku/nodejs`
3. Important to have the Procfile with `web: python app.py` or the name of your main app. 
3. Push to Heroku: `git push heroku milestone1`
4. Also you can have heroku configure to automatically update from your GitHub milestone1 branch. 
So each time you push something to GitHub your project with automatically deploy to heroku. 

## Technical issues
1. The first technical issue that I had was with Cloud9 virtual disk runing out of space.
I fixed this by going to AWS console from vocareum, instead of clicking Cloud9 click All
services -> EC2. Then under resources click Volumes, right click the column size on the row
that says 10GiB, then click modify volume. I put there 20GiB, then click modify and confirm. 
2. The app on Heroku at the first time didn't work, it was because the requirements.
To solve this I added everything heroku need in the requirements document in order to run. 
3. It is super annoying each time cloud9 automatically close your work and make you login 
agian. If you have to work for long hours, as I did, this will affects a lot. 

## Problems
1. The first problem that clearly I had for this project was the time. 
After I had the react-started code I implement the components to have the Board
and Squares but as I din't have any experience with react, JavaScript, and Socketio 
was really hard for me to get the clients updated. If I had had more time I would 
have studied the subject more and that could have helped me with this project. 
Also I think the demos and examples for this project they were very simple nothing
to do with the actual project.
2. I had a big problem trying to update all the clients. At first I was using the same 
history and I was not making copies, after long hours studying it I realized that 
I not only had to copy the history but everything that I need to use. 
It was also important to emit from the onclick of the square all the variables that were 
going to be needed later in the useEffect. After all that, the game updates correctly on the tabs.
